The currency war is on right now as
China and Russia have discussed ditching
the dollar in favor of using gold
instead. This would be a major boost to
the gold market as well as a major blow
to the US dollar hedgemony. If this deal
goes through, it would be a milestone
event in history which will be discussed
for years to come. You came here for the
truth. I want to talk about China,
Russia, US, gold, so much more. Let's
get into this right away. You are
looking at a translated article, but the
translation is pretty good, so take it
for what it is. The Bank of Russia and
the People's Bank of China to discuss
cooperation in the gold trade. You hear
a lot of speculation. You hear a lot of
talk, these analysts coming up with
these claims. I don't know where they
get them from claiming they have all
these
sources, but when you hear it from the
horse's mouth, you get at least a better
version of the truth. In many
cases, they are publicly stating this.
Now, we Russia and central bank and
China's discuss the issues of trade in
gold bricks countries. You're looking at
these large economies, large reserves of
gold, and an impressive amount of
production and consumption of this
precious
metal. And this is exactly what has to
happen. You have these two nations which
are continuously doing more and more
trade between each other and they are
fed up of the US dollar. that connects
in with this next
article right
here. This article happens to be out of
the South China Morning Post. I like to
think of that as sort of a propaganda
arm for the Chinese government. Russia
Central Bank opened its first overseas
office in Beijing, marking a small step
forward and forging a Beijing Moscow
alliance to bypass the US dollar in the
global monetary system. A huge blow.
It's a currency war that's taking place
right now. Currently, you have the US
having the monopoly. Okay, it's pretty
obvious. They are the reserve currency.
If China wants to buy Russia's oil, they
have to first buy US dollar, then they
have to go and give those US dollars to
buy the oil. But why are they doing
that? They figure, look, let's just go
around this whole deal. And it just
makes sense at this time to just do
business between
ourselves. It was part of an agreements
being made between the two neighbors to
seek stronger economic ties since the
west brought in the sanctions on Russia.
So what we have is obviously that the
ruble, the Russian ruble had declined
significantly. So when you go to buy US
dollars, you end up having all these
transaction costs. it's really not
beneficial to Russia to do that at this
time. So instead, they're saying, "Hey,
let's just do business between each
other using our own currencies or using
gold or using something else. Let's do
away with the old ways." And that simply
seems
uh where I believe that it is headed.
Definitely whether they'll be using
their own currencies or whether they're
using a basket of currencies or gold or
anything else. I think that it's
something that will be really prominent
in the years to come in the near future.
This right here is
a a document, a report that was done
about corruption and real
estate. If you don't have time to read
the whole thing, there's just this key
findings like a 10 uh the 10 top
findings. I'm just going to read you
just a couple titles here. It deals with
first of all Australia, Canada, the UK,
and the US. And there is so much fraud
that is taking place right now. It's not
just the US subprime and all that. I
mean, we're talking about the flaws in
the system itself. Inadequate coverage
of anti-money laundering provisions,
identification of the beneficial owners,
foreign companies have access to the
real estate market, few requirements or
checks, and it just goes on. So, it's if
you want to know what's happening with
real estate, if you want to know what's
happening with the markets in general
and how it's being allowed to be pumped
up, check out this document. The link
will be in the description of this
video. I just did a video about
Venezuela and how essentially Maduro
said, "Look, I'm a dictator now." So, he
took out the legislature. Imagine the
Congress at the parliament literally
being gone even though they're already
quite ceremonial in most cases. Here you
have them actually saying, "You know
what? Let's say goodbye to you."
Venezuela's Supreme Court reversed the
controversial decision that stripped the
Congress of all its powers as
international pressure had been building
against the Socialist administration. I
thought that was funny that they so
quickly turned it around. I guess the
revolt was too much and the people just
said no, we're not going to accept it.
So anyway, I wanted to bring that as an
update to what just happened. This here
I thought was an interesting diagram.
Just wanted to finish off with it.
Countries by population size and you can
see
overwhelmingly that China and India make
up such a large part of the population.
The reason I mention this is if you
think about even 1% of the population,
let's say 1% of the population buys an
iPhone, you know, that moves the
markets, whether that's, you know, a
million people start buying from a
particular company, a 1% or however you
want to look at it,
the numbers are just staggering. It's
staggering. Now you have a lot of
poverty in these two countries. But when
you look at
percentages, you know, just 1% moves
from rural into cities, all of a sudden
you have a massive flow of commodities
that are needed all of a sudden and you
have, you know, jobs, you know, a lot of
things change because of that. So that's
simply, you know, statistics. I find
that interesting. So, I wanted to bring
that to you. If you found this video
informative, please give me a thumbs
up. Last but not least, if you found the
video informative, you will definitely
find my books, The Money GPS, and my new
book, which just released, Global
Economic Collapse. So, check these out
at Amazon because they have a look
inside feature that will allow you to
flip through the pages of the books to
see if you like them. Take care.